Add credentials documentation (#613)
localstack/docs: content/en/references/credentials.md

---
title: "Credentials"
linkTitle: "Credentials"
categories: ["LocalStack"]
tags: ["access-key-id", "secret-access-key", "account-id"]
weight: 5
description: >
  Credentials for accessing LocalStack services
---

Like AWS, LocalStack requires access key IDs to be set in all operations.
The choice of access key ID will affect [multi-account namespacing]({{< ref "multi-account-setups" >}}).
Values of secret access keys are currently ignored by LocalStack.

Access key IDs can be one of following patterns:

### Accounts IDs

You can specify a 12-digit number which will be taken by LocalStack as the account ID.
For example, `112233445566`.

### Structured access key ID

You can specify a structured key like `LSIAQAAAAAAVNCBMPNSG` (which translates to account ID `000000000042`).

> This must be atleast 20 characters in length and must be decodable to an account ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This must be at least 20 characters in length and must be decodable to an account ID.
```

{{< alert title="Note">}}
In the future LocalStack will support IAM service which will issue proper access key IDs.

> {{< /alert >}}

Reviewer 2: We already issue proper access key ids?

Author: @dfangl: The note was referring to initial process of getting credentials but I admit it's confusing. Removed with 06630404 :+1:
